sup YouTube um just gonna show you a
server it's pretty cool she's pretty
it's pretty dandy and yeah it's a spawn
server it's pretty decent
lots of stuff
it's not stupid it's got like and
customize your thin cape so
crazy
yeah press D on turn 1 i'm going to brad
one and out just pull our powers back so
we got next van der sar tormented demons
no majority a flip of a duel arena
dominion tower barrows mage bad multi
area five pets Wes then we got the bank
di depok dance
well the service turning into an eco
service soon so not much of this will
count but if you want to get into the
peking spirit and stuff head on down got
a learner's engine and the engine no
prayers and yeah you guys should
definitely come play very good for the
owners are awesome um was talking with
them early and yeah they're cool guys
cool people in the server and we great
if there are more people for me to kill
if you think you come and beat me that
is and good luck but see you later